feat(clearbutton): s2 migration (#4043)
adobe/spectrum-css: .changeset/neat-schools-take.md

---
"@spectrum-css/clearbutton": major
---

#### S2 migration for clear button

This migrates the clear button component to the latest Spectrum 2 designs. Custom properties have been remapped and added per the design specification.

- The quiet variant has been remove as all clear buttons have a transparent background.
- The over-background and static color variants have been removed.

> - Test and stories for deprecated variants have been removed.

Author: Added! ✨ `- The down state has been added, corresponding controls and tests have been added.`

---
"@spectrum-css/clearbutton": major
---

#### S2 migration for clear button

This migrates the clear button component to the latest Spectrum 2 designs. Custom properties have been remapped and added per the design specification.

> - The quiet variant has been remove as all clear buttons have a transparent background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `quiet` variant has been **removed** as all clear buttons have a transparent background now, making this variant irrelevant.
```

Minor formatting and wording knit.

> - The over-background and static color variants have been removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `over-background` and `static color` variants have been removed.
```

What does this translate to in the code? I like this general note but might be good to translate this into, _X_ class was removed for example.

> - Test and stories for deprecated variants have been removed.

Reviewer: I like this note but it doesn't really impact customers so maybe we remove this point?

> - The down state has been added, corresponding controls and tests have been added.

Reviewer: What does that translate to for customers? Can you clarify in the docs here what the introduction of the down state looks like for customers adopting this change?
